Zhanwang Chen, it's you who saved me
Zhang Yuntao
Liu Xishan and the other two are Cao Lin's rebels
I have killed
City Lord, you are saved
Thank you, Warlord, for helping me eradicate Xianning
Song did not forget his kindness
Zhanwang Chen, then I will take Mr. Gao back first
Please handle the rest.
Just leave it to me.
Let's go
What's wrong? What's wrong?
Hey, it's alright.
I can do it. Don't move.
City Lord Song also invites you
Take me to their place
I'm going to search
this way
Ah!
What's going on here?
What happened to Mr. Gao?
Cao Lin sent someone to kill me
There's a lot going on.
Thanks to Liao, he managed to rush under the Wang Pavilion
To settle the matter
Liao Fan, you can really hide
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
Your Highness sent you to protect me
I just think the endgame of this play
I don't need to tell you.
Gao Zong, you have a bodyguard like Liao Fan
It's your blessing.
Hey, I went to the hospital if there was nothing wrong.
I lasted so long
I also suffered a lot of injuries
Liao Fan
You have such good skills
Make sure you only want to make a few thousand dollars
Instead of tens of millions?
I don't want to repeat what I said
I'm only responsible for keeping you safe.
Secretary Zhang, help me take Mr. Sun to Office No. 2
I still have something to talk to Liao Fan alone
Okay, this way please.
Mr. Gao, do you have anything else to do?
Mr. Gao, I'm going to the hospital
If you didn't say it when you first joined
Can I pay the salary?
Since there are no restrictions
Then I'll give you a special one.